---
layout: post
title: Long time no see...
cover: baseball.jpg
date:   2017-03-7 12:00:00
categories: ios
---

# Happy 2017, y'all.

Wow, two blog posts and I fall off the face of the earth. I had a feeling that this would happen... Writing doesn't come super naturally to me so I knew I'd struggle with starting a blog and being consistent with updates. But, even though we're 3 months into 2017, I'm going to make a resolution to get back into blogging.

## Life update.

So at the beginning of this year I actually switched jobs from working in Risk Management technology to working as an iOS developer at [MLB Advanced Media](http://www.mlbam.com/). As mentioned in my previous posts, iOS development has been something that I've become really fascinated with within the past year so I'm really excited about this new opportunity. That being said, it wasn't easy to make the decision to leave my previous job and embark on this new adventure. Why, you ask? Well besides the obvious fact that change is always a little nervewracking no matter what, my previous job was also my first job out of college...and I gradated in May 2016. So I hadn't even been there a year. I had all sorts of doubts. "Am I burning a huge bridge?" "What if I leave my current job and end up not liking my new job? I can't go back and forth." "Is this going to make me look unstable?" Ultimately, I realized that this was a big opportunity to learn. That was the biggest thing for me. I always want to be learning. And I believe that once you stop learning at your current role, it's time to take on new opportunities, internally or externally.

## Two weeks notice.

It was hard to give my two weeks notice. All the people I worked with were very nice, which almost made it even harder. I didn't want to leave on anyone's bad side. I read countless articles about the "right" way to put in your notice and finally, I did it. What I felt helped me the most to prepare to have that conversation was writing down _why_ I had decided to leave. The most important key there is to make sure you're not speaking negatively about your current company or role, but rather speak about your new opportunity. Keep it simple, though. Your boss doesn't want to hear you brag about why you think your new job is going to be so much better than your old one. Writing down some bullet points ahead of time really helped me keep it concise because I tend to ramble when nervous. 

## Then what?

The next two weeks were pretty uneventful. I obviously wasn't getting assigned any new tasks so my time was spent mostly tying up loose ends. It was good, though. I was able to spend time watching more Stanford lectures and looking through more iOS documentation. Fast forward two weeks and it was time to start my new job. I won't bore you with the details but all I can say is that I'm very happy with where I'm at now. Like I said, the most important thing for me is to make sure I am learning and I'm definitely doing that. Everyone around me is extremely bright and talented and best of all, they're extremely nice and willing to help. I'm looking forward to continuing my iOS journey and hopefully becoming better about keeping this updated! :)

